ladies and gentlemen welcome back my
name is ASA no cuts award to give to
commentary playing a nice sniper and
you're most likely thinking what the
hell am i watching no it's not orange
even though I suppose the map is pretty
orange now it's a sniper only map and
I'm showing you this for a very specific
reason now I don't think I'm a good
sniper myself I think I am decent on a
good day and it will most likely never
change as long as I know that there are
way way better snipers out there that
are a lot better a lot more accurate and
they don't mess up the shots as much as
I do but nonetheless there was a point
where I was a sniper but I was even
worse than I am today and that was
really bad I couldn't land anything I
was constantly getting shot to pieces
and it was just all in one not a very
pleasant experience nonetheless here we
are on a sniper only map and as you can
see we are constantly fighting each
other with blows sniper rivals and we
can pull out different weapons so this
map is not a perfect example but I
reasonable to begin with like there's a
lot of sniper maps where you can only
kill other people with headshots only
but fortunately there's always going to
be a group of people that's going to do
that or at least wear that anti headshot
gear which is just really in bad taste
but that's what it usually also gets bad
so that's a given
nonetheless these sniper only maps are
the reason why I am a decent sniper
because you will learn two very
important things well first of all
you'll learn how to quickscope because
if you're not quick enough you're dead
and you want to kill them faster than
they kill you I suppose that makes sense
in a way and in addition to that as well
you need to dodge you need to learn how
to dodge and this is not just simply
moving from left to right or back and
forth this is a combination of jumping
while moving left and right back and
forth while crouching as well like a
combination of those things can make it
very difficult for your target to hit
you as well as you will learn how to
counter sniper or you you'll get forced
to learn how to counter snort but I
should say with little tricks like for
example I've stated before in a video
where I say wait for them to shoot
first like little tricks like that and
the reason why I got into these matches
because a friend of mine which I believe
is actually in the server as well I
believe he's a very good sniper he's way
better than me it's a slap chop I like I
used to play with him on the fifth
server quite a bit and we always ended
up either with each other or against
each other and when we always ended up
against each other it either got tight
or he completely destroyed me and at
some day I was wondering how the hell
did he got that good and he only plays
sniper like 90% of the time he plays his
own he only plays stuff which is also
another good thing to do when I become
good at a class play it a lot like I am
talking significant amounts of time that
you want to invest in that class and
only that class to become really good at
it
that's a very good way to start off as
well but he also frequently attends
servers like these and that's how we
really specifically got better against
sniper sniper and just sniper in general
quick scoping and such just once you are
able to quick scope and be on the move
constantly imagine how opener how much
of an annoyance you are for the enemy
team they can't really pinpoint you
because one you're always on the move
but every time that they see you they
take 150 damage we didn't means they are
about to die or they're dead and both
scenarios are very inconvenient for the
enemy so playing a lot on these maps is
like it's not like after an hour you're
going to be like a sniper Pro absolutely
that you want to be attending these
servers quite frequently like least once
or twice a week before even more if you
really want to spend some time in it and
if you can do that then you can
definitely tell you improve over time
assuming you will always fight against
people of your skill level or better
like a lot of people they just jump in
to a server not even the server like
this but just in general servers like
normal games I suppose I should say and
they always join the winning team or the
team that's always extremely dominating
if you're gonna do that you will never
get better if you only do that you will
never get better because you can't get
better by fighting enemies that are
already weaker as you and most likely
don't even know what the hell they're
doing you can't become better in that
there are certain things you can improve
with that but in general your
even worse layer because you're going to
anticipate a certain amount of skill
level which is way below average as
opposed to that on your own skill level
so if you're going to fight against good
people constantly you'll become forced
to become better so you can keep up with
them which is one of the reasons why I
wanted to become a good sniper as well
because I was constantly getting
destroyed by the slides including slab
chopper while I was trying to make Skype
if it isn't like damn it dude I'm trying
to record here and so I kind of figured
well if I can't beat it I just have to
become better so I can beat him and then
record that and then laughs I suppose at
my own personal victory and I think that
I'm a reasonable sniper considering
after all the things I did to achieve
that and it is always a weird thing to
do that like trying to be a good sniper
while still playing a little other
classes as well because there's a clear
difference between a sniper and of
course a soldier for example which also
doesn't really help your skill level
when the Spurs in a specific class if
you're going to play a lot of different
classes if I were to only play a sniper
and only have plates type from the
moment I started to train my sniper
ability I would probably be a lot better
right now but at the same time I really
enjoy playing other classes so that's a
sacrifice I am willing to make for the
greater good hits it's a lesser evil I
suppose in the end but unless I do enjoy
getting Hensel is it's a very satisfying
thing to get heads against people that
are better than you even if they are
lucky but that's that's how it start
doesn't it like getting that headshot
getting that kill before he kills you
because he or she messes up and then you
get that if you're that feeling of
satisfaction even if they killed you a
hundred times before you still feel
satisfied after getting that one
headshot if they just mess up and that's
very good for your motivation to keep on
playing we should we should get the idea
that you are improving and that's very
important for me when I'm trying to
become better at something and I
honestly feel like that I'm improving it
motivates me to improve more and this is
why I attend shows like these quite a
bit or use through quite a bit when I
was a really bad sniper because I felt
like I was improving even though a lot
of snipers on this map they completely
destroyed me and most likely you when
you're going to try out anyway make sure
to subscribe for more content and I will
catch you guys most likely next time
take care